add check for bot not being set in mid range (vbcs of min max values at the end) got removed or is not working, fix that


---

Make it not possible to add twice the same com device as different robots.

---

next when we execute the teleopt with cameras, we should use the id's of the cams we get when we exiecute the command in register.py since we know the path, we can see what Id is bound to it.

---
x
I would like to be able on a specific bot page, to add cameras, So just a simple camera section on the bot. Where I can click on a Add Camera button. If the button is pressed, it should open an add camera page. On there I should see a dropdown, where all detected cameras are listed, it should constantly show all cameras plugged in. And when a camera gets plugged out it should be removed from the list and added when plugged in. I would like the backend to sent those infos to the frontend. So yeah. When a cam is selected, Ideally I would like to get a preview of the cam. So the user is sure this is the correct one. he also should have a field where he can name the camera. below we have a field for FPS this should be prefilled with what the camera is able to do and what is the best fit and this should be possible to edit,to set a different value with the obvious ranges that are possible for that camera, else the user sees a message telling this is not possible. Bellow twe fields also prefilled with the width and hight of the image. those can also be changed. 

when those fields are filled in the use can press on the Save button. This will save the camera with all set configs. and IDeally it would be nice to save the camera with the path. To identify the camera in all cases even if unplugged and replugged.

There is one exception, if the camera is a Intel Realsense camera, it should keep the serial number, this can be found with 
import pyrealsense2 as rs

ctx = rs.context()
devices = ctx.query_devices()

for dev in devices:
    print("Name:", dev.get_info(rs.camera_info.name))
    print("Serial Number:", dev.get_info(rs.camera_info.serial_number))


but just to be sure, do show a field serial number, with this the serialnumber filled in, so the use can check.


---
the buttons should be a solid color when hovered, and not contantly. When not hovered it should be an outline like it was before 


There is no back button on the individual bot pages, and on the calibration page the green position is not aligned with the range / slider, its a little too high so it doesn't look right.

and I don't like that some pages have a big ammount of varialbe declarations like this: 

const panelClass =
  "rounded-soft border border-border/70 bg-gradient-to-br from-panel to-panel-strong p-5 shadow-panel";
const stackClass = "flex flex-col gap-3";
const tagClass =...

I don't like this, could you make it so that its a component, or that the buttons and stuff are components and stuff ? 



---





make layout the bot page page better 
remove refresh status and back to list buttons in the commands section.
also remove the edit name section and set a button in danger zone called rename button, that opens a edit name modal that shows us a input field, save button and a cancel button.

 actually add a teleoperate button in the commands section, and make it open a modal popup for teleoperatio nwhere we can only select a follower bot. and have a button to start the teleop. or cancel

if we press start teleop we are brought on a teleop page, just like the calibration page we instantly get a modal popup telling us we need to set the bots in roighly the same position to be sure we won't damage anything. and if we press next the modal closes and the teleopt actually starts. this is an example of the command that needs to be ran: lerobot-teleoperate --robot.type=so101_follower --robot.port=COM13 --robot.id=follower_arm --teleop.type=so101_leader --teleop.port=COM14 --teleop.id=leader_arm


execute this in the same way as done on the calibration page. And do use the right fields obviously.

and just like the calibration add a button somewere to be avle to see the output of the terminal.
On that page we see what is the leader arm and what is the follower arm. 
and we have a stop buton somewhere on that page which will stop the teleopt. we will stay on that page thouhg once we stop and the stop button disapears and let us see the start teleopt button that will start the same command again. at the top there also is a back button, this can bring us back and also stops the teleopt in each case.
---

make layout of the home page better  

---


---

throw different error when you detect (min max are at their max values) since this means the mid possition was not set.


----

I like this project, I would like to change a few things. 

on the home page. I woule like to have the robot list where I can bulk select, to delete for example, and  to just show the list of robots with their name, and type state (online/ofline). but no releoperate section or buttons to calibrate, inspect and delete.

all of these expect inspect that should be removed,  should be moved on the specific page of the robot. so when you press on the item of the list it opens it's specific page. there you have a nice overview of the bot, a section for commands, calibration, delete and teleoperation, edit name, and stuff like that.

if I rename it should change also the name in the lerobot .cache folder (so the actual calibration file) 

and when I delete the bot it should also delete it's calibration.

so show a modal dialog asking are you sure when clicking delete, and give an option to cancel and delete. 

---

also on the calibration page, can you rework the header, like there are a lot of things wrong there, like back button should be an arrow back and some stuff looks weird.

also make it so that when we open the calibration page, have the loading because we wait for the output telling us the script is ready. but instead of showing us the calibration page we first show the first step in full page where we see centred an image (set a place holder if possible of a robot) with underneed a text telling the user, put the robot in this position. 
with a  button saying Next with an arrow pointing to the right.

when we press it we arrive on the normal calibration page but with the calibration started, (so we don't click on the start calibration button, but directly see end calibration, to finish since hte process is started.) 


Also make the process output a button that you can click somewere that looks like an icon of a console, 
that can enable and disable the view of this secton, do make it fade in and out when enabled and disabled, remove the section as a whole and default as desabled since we try to have a clean intergace.


